#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfx-bsl
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
apache-beam[gcp]==2.56.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tfx-bsl
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via apache-beam
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
crcmod==1.7
    # via apache-beam
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-beam
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
docopt==0.6.2
    # via hdfs
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via fastapi
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via apache-beam
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.53.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-api-python-client==1.12.11
    # via tfx-bsl
google-apitools==0.5.31
    # via apache-beam
google-auth==2.30.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via tensorboard
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.54.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigquery==3.24.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.25.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigtable==2.23.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-datastore==2.19.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-dlp==3.18.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-language==2.13.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-pubsub==2.21.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
google-cloud-pubsublite==1.10.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-recommendations-ai==0.10.10
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.12.3
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-spanner==3.47.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-storage==2.16.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-videointelligence==2.13.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-vision==3.7.2
    # via apache-beam
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.63.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
grpc-interceptor==0.15.4
    # via google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.64.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpc-interceptor
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h5py==3.11.0
    # via tensorflow
hdfs==2.7.3
    # via apache-beam
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==7.34.0
    # via tensorflow-data-validation
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via fastapi
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
js2py==0.74
    # via apache-beam
jsonpickle==3.2.1
    # via apache-beam
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via apache-beam
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
keras==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via tensorflow
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tfx-bsl
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via google-apitools
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
objsize==0.7.0
    # via apache-beam
opencv-python==4.10.0.82
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
orjson==3.10.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   fastapi
overrides==7.7.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsublite
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   tensorflow
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tfx-bsl
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.46
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
    #   tfx-bsl
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tfx-bsl
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via apache-beam
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pydantic==2.7.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pydot==1.4.2
    # via apache-beam
pyfarmhash==0.3.2
    # via tensorflow-data-validation
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyjsparser==2.7.1
    # via js2py
pymongo==4.7.3
    # via apache-beam
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   pydot
pytest==8.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via uvicorn
redis==5.0.5
    # via apache-beam
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.5.15
    # via apache-beam
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hdfs
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
scikit-learn==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.13.1
    # via scikit-learn
shapely==2.0.4
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-pasta
    #   hdfs
    #   js2py
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via google-cloud-spanner
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
tensorboard==2.15.2
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
    #   tfx-bsl
tensorflow-data-validation[visualization]==1.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tfx-bsl
tensorflow-serving-api==2.15.1
    # via tfx-bsl
tensorrt==10.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorrt-cu12==10.0.1
    # via tensorrt
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
tfx-bsl==1.15.1
    # via tensorflow-data-validation
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer==0.12.3
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   apache-beam
    #   fastapi
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   tensorflow
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
tzlocal==5.2
    # via js2py
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.1
    # via fastapi
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
zstandard==0.22.0
    # via apache-beam

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
